# Discord-Bot-Python
This is a Discord Python bot made by me with some basic moderation commands, and will be updated as I update my own bot. I want this to be open sourced, but if used please credit me in any way such as making a help command credit me. You will need to place your own Discord Bot Token into the placeholder at the bottom or make a secret if you are using replit, the secret name should just be "Token" or whatever it says at the bottom. You will also need to provide a Google AI Studio Key/Token for the /ask command to work, the place you put it is near the top but going down a bit. Please make an Issue request with any command that is not working or experiencing bugs, so I can fix it within a decent timeframe. Make sure you also edit the status of your bot, the status should be on line 135 or around there so set that up. This is not an indstriualized bot, and is supposed to be hosted by you or a service for small Discord Servers. As I work on it there will come code cleaning so the code is not all bunched up and messy. I recommend using this bot if you are just starting a community or if you want a simple bot that is not too complex and easy to modify. This is not perfect so you can expect some issues like latency. Make sure you also have all of the packages installed in the requirements.txt file. The bot will have some issues if they are not added, such as, command errors, syntax errors, ect. I would also liek to mention that the current data being stored for stuff like warnings and mod actions are stored in one file meaning it doesn't base itself on every server the bot is added into. 
